add note about leaks to CoC (#1)
kglw-dot-net/.github: CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md

1. Keep it fun. We're doing serious, at times painstaking, work to make the site incredible, but we can have fun in the process. Summon your best self. Bring a smile.
2. Differences of opinion are bound to arise. Always give the benefit of the doubt and proceed with kindness. (To put it another way, “Take the high road.”)

> 3. Maintain professionalism with one another, the wider KGLW fan community, and members of the band’s organization. Express agreement from team leaders is required when utilizing the kglw.net namesake in community or band outreach.

Author: I'm inclined to tweak this one too:

```suggestion
3. Maintain professionalism with one another, the wider King Gizzard fan community, and members of the band’s organization. It is required to receive explicit agreement from team leaders before using the KGLW.net name in community or band outreach.
```

> 4. You agree to protect the artistic and financial interests of the band and associated acts by not publicly distributing leaked or unauthorized materials.

Author: Also inclined to reword this a bit:

```suggestion
4. You agree to protect the artistic and financial interests of the band (and associated acts) by not associating the KGLW.net name with leaks or unauthorized materials.
```

5. Remember that everyone here is a volunteer, sharing their time, talent, and expertise, because just like you, they love this amazing band and what it stands for. Respect, both for yourself and for one another, is paramount.
6. To riff on something the band projects before their concerts: Look after each other in here.

> 7. If you have concerns, questions, or feedback about your experience as a member of this team, please reach out to Altered Beef, Rattle, or a team member you feel comfortable dialoguing with.

Author: This might should include contact info?
